Store updates (Country selection, VAT) (#400)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Store Support/General Store/Do-product-prices-include-applicable-taxes.md

---
title: "Do product prices include applicable taxes?"
id: 360016120399
---

> The displayed prices on the Arduino Store may include taxes depending on your [selected location](https://support.arduino.cc/hc/en-us/articles/15529764047516).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The displayed prices in the Arduino Store may include taxes depending on your [selected location](https://support.arduino.cc/hc/en-us/articles/15529764047516).
```

> * The following countries have **Value-added tax (VAT)** is included in prices displayed in the Ardunino Store:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following countries have **Value-added tax (VAT)** included in the prices displayed in the Arduino Store:
```
Typos
